data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airserv-ng                                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/packetforge-ng                                aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airdecloak-ng                                 aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airbase-ng                                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/makeivs-ng                                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airdecap-ng                                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aircrack-ng                                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/kstats                                        aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ivstools                                      aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airmon-ng                                     aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aireplay-ng                                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airodump-ng                                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airodump-ng-oui-update                        aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/airtun-ng                                     aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wpaclean                                      aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ivstools.1.gz                      aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/aircrack-ng.1.gz                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/packetforge-ng.1.gz                aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/wpaclean.1.gz                      aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/kstats.1.gz                        aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/makeivs-ng.1.gz                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/airdecap-ng.1.gz                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/airdecloak-ng.1.gz                 aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/besside-ng-crawler.1.gz            aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/aireplay-ng.8.gz                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airbase-ng.8.gz                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airmon-ng.8.gz                     aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airodump-ng.8.gz                   aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/besside-ng.8.gz                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airtun-ng.8.gz                     aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airserv-ng.8.gz                    aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/airodump-ng-oui-update.8.gz        aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/aircrack-ng/LICENSE                     aircrack-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arp-fingerprint                               arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arp-scan                                      arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/get-iab                                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/get-oui                                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/arp-scan.1.gz                      arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/arp-fingerprint.1.gz               arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/get-oui.1.gz                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/get-iab.1.gz                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/mac-vendor.5.gz                    arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/arp-scan/ieee-iab.txt                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/arp-scan/ieee-oui.txt                       arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/arp-scan/mac-vendor.txt                     arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/arp-scan/LICENSE                        arp-scan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bettercap                                     bettercap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bettercap/LICENSE                       bettercap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chroot                                        chroot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chroot.1.gz                        chroot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/chroot/LICENSE                          chroot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libcryptsetup.a                               cryptsetup-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libcryptsetup.la                              cryptsetup-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libcryptsetup.h                           cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcryptsetup.pc                    cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libcryptsetup.so                              cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cryptsetup-reencrypt                          cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/integritysetup                                cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cryptsetup                                    cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/veritysetup                                   cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/cryptsetup.8.gz                    cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/cryptsetup-reencrypt.8.gz          cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/veritysetup.8.gz                   cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/integritysetup.8.gz                cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cryptsetup/LICENSE                      cryptsetup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dnsmasq                                       dnsmasq
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/dnsmasq.8.gz                       dnsmasq
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/dnsmasq/LICENSE                         dnsmasq
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ethtool                                       ethtool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/ethtool.8.gz                       ethtool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ethtool/LICENSE                         ethtool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ethtool         ethtool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/frida-inject                                  frida-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/frida-server                                  frida-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/frida-server/LICENSE                    frida-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sgdisk                                        gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fixparts                                      gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gdisk                                         gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cgdisk                                        gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/fixparts.8.gz                      gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/sgdisk.8.gz                        gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/gdisk.8.gz                         gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/cgdisk.8.gz                        gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gptfdisk/LICENSE                        gptfdisk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hping2                                        hping3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hping3                                        hping3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hping                                         hping3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/hping3.8.gz                        hping3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/hping3/LICENSE                          hping3
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/hd.h                                      hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhd.so                                      hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhd.so.21.67                                hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hwinfo.pc                           hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libhd.so.21                                   hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mk_isdnhwdb                                   hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hwinfo                                        hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/getsysinfo                                    hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/check_hd                                      hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/convert_hd                                    hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/hwinfo/ISDN.CDB.txt                         hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/hwinfo/ISDN.CDB.hwdb                        hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/hwinfo/LICENSE                          hwinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iodine                                        iodine
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iodined                                       iodine
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iodine.8.gz                        iodine
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/iodine/LICENSE                          iodine
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libipset.la                                   ipset-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libipset.a                                    ipset-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/pfxlen.h                         ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/args.h                           ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/utils.h                          ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/nfproto.h                        ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/linux_ip_set_hash.h              ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/transport.h                      ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/linux_ip_set_bitmap.h            ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/nf_inet_addr.h                   ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/session.h                        ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/errcode.h                        ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/parse.h                          ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/linux_ip_set.h                   ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/data.h                           ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/types.h                          ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/print.h                          ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/ipset.h                          ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/mnl.h                            ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libipset/linux_ip_set_list.h              ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libipset.so                                   ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libipset.pc                         ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipset                                         ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libipset.3.gz                      ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/ipset.8.gz                         ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ipset/LICENSE                           ipset
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iw                                            iw
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iw.8.gz                            iw
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/iw/LICENSE                              iw
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libaio.a                                      libaio-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libaio.h                                  libaio
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libaio.so                                     libaio
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libaio.so.1                                   libaio
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libaio.so.1.0.1                               libaio
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libaio/LICENSE                          libaio
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pcsc/drivers/ifd-ccid.bundle/Contents/Linux/libccid.so libccid
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pcsc/drivers/ifd-ccid.bundle/Contents/Info.plist libccid
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libccid/LICENSE                         libccid
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libdevmapper.h                            libdevmapper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libdevmapper.so.1.02                          libdevmapper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libdevmapper.so                               libdevmapper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libdevmapper/LICENSE                    libdevmapper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcsclite.a                                 libpcsclite-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcscspy.a                                  libpcsclite-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcsclite.la                                libpcsclite-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcscspy.la                                 libpcsclite-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/ifdhandler.h                         libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/reader.h                             libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/winscard.h                           libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/debuglog.h                           libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/pcsclite.h                           libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/PCSC/wintypes.h                           libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcsclite.so                                libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcsclite.pc                      libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpcscspy.so                                 libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pcsc-spy                                      libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcsc-spy.1.gz                      libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/pcsc-lite/README.polkit                 libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/pcsc-lite/README.DAEMON                 libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libpcsclite/LICENSE                     libpcsclite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libseccomp.a                                  libseccomp-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libseccomp.la                                 libseccomp-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/seccomp.h                                 libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libseccomp.so                                 libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libseccomp.pc                       libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/scmp_sys_resolver                             libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/scmp_sys_resolver.1.gz             libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_rule_add_exact_array.3.gz  libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_export_bpf.3.gz            libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_attr_get.3.gz              libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_arch_add.3.gz              libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_syscall_resolve_name_rewrite.3.gz libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_export_pfc.3.gz            libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_rule_add.3.gz              libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_syscall_resolve_name.3.gz  libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_attr_set.3.gz              libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_arch_native.3.gz           libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_arch_remove.3.gz           libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_syscall_resolve_num_arch.3.gz libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_load.3.gz                  libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_syscall_resolve_name_arch.3.gz libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_init.3.gz                  libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_rule_add_exact.3.gz        libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_arch_exist.3.gz            libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_arch_resolve_name.3.gz     libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_reset.3.gz                 libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_api_set.3.gz               libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_merge.3.gz                 libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_release.3.gz               libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_syscall_priority.3.gz      libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_version.3.gz               libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_api_get.3.gz               libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/seccomp_rule_add_array.3.gz        libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libseccomp/LICENSE                      libseccomp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/x86emu.h                                  libx86emu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libx86emu.so                                  libx86emu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libx86emu/LICENSE                       libx86emu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblxc.a                                      lxc-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblxc.la                                     lxc-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lxc/version.h                             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lxc/lxccontainer.h                        lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lxc/attach_options.h                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/bash_completion.d/lxc                         lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/lxc/default.conf                              lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/default/lxc                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/lxc/lxc-net                               lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/lxc/hooks/unmount-namespace               lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/lxc/lxc-containers                        lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/lxc/lxc-monitord                          lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/lxc/lxc-user-nic                          lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/lxc.pc                              lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/lxc/rootfs/README                             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblxc.so.1                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblxc.so                                     lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblxc.so.1.6.0                               lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-top                                       lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-unfreeze                                  lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-update-config                             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-unshare                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-setup-cgroups                             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-console                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-monitor                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-create                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-execute                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-stop                                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-usernsexec                                lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-destroy                                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-cgroup                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-config                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-attach                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/init.lxc                                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-copy                                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-info                                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-wait                                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-freeze                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-start                                     lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-device                                    lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-checkpoint                                lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-ls                                        lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-checkconfig                               lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-snapshot                                  lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lxc-autostart                                 lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/selinux/lxc.if                          lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/selinux/lxc.te                          lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/nvidia                            lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/clonehostname                     lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/dhclient-script                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/squid-deb-proxy-client            lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/mountecryptfsroot                 lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/ubuntu-cloud-prep                 lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/hooks/dhclient                          lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/common.seccomp                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/common.conf.d/README             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/userns.conf                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/common.conf                      lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/nesting.conf                     lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/config/oci.common.conf                  lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/lxc.functions                           lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/lxc-patch.py                            lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/templates/lxc-busybox                   lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/templates/lxc-local                     lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/templates/lxc-download                  lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/lxc/templates/lxc-oci                       lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/lxc/LICENSE                             lxc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/macchanger                                    macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/macchanger.info                        macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/macchanger.1.gz                    macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/macchanger/OUI.list                         macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/macchanger/wireless.list                    macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/macchanger/LICENSE                      macchanger
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mtr-packet                                    mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mtr                                           mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/mtr.8.gz                           mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/mtr-packet.8.gz                    mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/mtr/LICENSE                             mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mtr             mtr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nethogs                                       nethogs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/nethogs.8.gz                       nethogs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/nethogs/LICENSE                         nethogs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openvpn-plugin.h                          openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openvpn-msg.h                             openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openvpn/plugins/openvpn-plugin-down-root.la   openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/openvpn/plugins/openvpn-plugin-down-root.so   openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/openvpn                                       openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/openvpn.8.gz                       openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/openvpn-startup.sh         openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/tls-home.conf              openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/office.up                  openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/tls-office.conf            openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/loopback-server            openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/static-office.conf         openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/static-home.conf           openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/loopback-client            openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/firewall.sh                openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/openvpn-shutdown.sh        openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/client.conf                openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/server.conf                openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/home.up                    openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/xinetd-client-config       openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/xinetd-server-config       openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/openvpn/examples/README                     openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/README.IPv6                     openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/Changes.rst                     openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/COPYRIGHT.GPL                   openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/LICENSE                         openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/README.down-root                openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/README.mbedtls                  openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/README                          openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/management-notes.txt            openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/openvpn/COPYING                         openvpn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpci.so.3                                   pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libpci.so.3.6.2                               pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/update-pciids                                 pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lspci                                         pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/setpci                                        pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/pcilib.7.gz                        pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/update-pciids.8.gz                 pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/lspci.8.gz                         pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/setpci.8.gz                        pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/pciutils/LICENSE                        pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pci.ids.gz                                  pciutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pcscd                                         pcscd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/reader.conf.5.gz                   pcscd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/pcscd.8.gz                         pcscd
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/runc                                          runc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/runc/LICENSE                            runc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tcpdump                                       tcpdump
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tcpdump.1.gz                       tcpdump
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/tcpdump/LICENSE                         tcpdump
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termshark                                     termshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/termshark/LICENSE                       termshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tincd                                         tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/tinc.info                              tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/dir                                    tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/tinc.conf.5.gz                     tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/tincd.8.gz                         tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/tinc/LICENSE                            tinc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/cfile.h                         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/ws_diag_control.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/version_info.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/ws_compiler_tests.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/ws_attributes.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/secrets-types.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/pcapng_module.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/wtap.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/wtap_opttypes.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/merge.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/file_wrappers.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wiretap/pcap-encap.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/file.h                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/ws_version.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/log.h                           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/globals.h                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/codecs/codecs.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/bitswap.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc6.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/filesystem.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/inet_ipv6.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/json_dumper.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/strnatcmp.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/base32.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/xtea.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/report_message.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/ws_pipe.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crash_info.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/inet_addr.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/socket.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc16.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/tempfile.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/time_util.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/sober128.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/privileges.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/ws_mempbrk_int.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/wsjson.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc7.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/os_version_info.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/type_util.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/adler32.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc11.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/unicode-utils.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/cpu_info.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/mpeg-audio.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/nstime.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/interface.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/bits_count_ones.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/color.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc32.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/pow2.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/jsmn.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc16-plain.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/sign_ext.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/netlink.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/str_util.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/frequency-utils.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/bits_ctz.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/pint.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc10.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/ws_printf.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/curve25519.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/g711.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/buffer.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/inet_ipv4.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/eax.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/ws_cpuid.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/ws_mempbrk.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/strtoi.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/copyright_info.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/plugins.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/utf8_entities.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/processes.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/wsutil/crc8.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/filter_expressions.h       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/in_cksum.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/rtd_table.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/color_filters.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/conv_id.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tvbuff-int.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ipv6.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/stream.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/addr_resolv.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/crc32-tvb.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/garrayfix.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/bridged_pids.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_map.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_stack.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_scopes.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_user_cb.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_interval_tree.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_strutl.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_miscutl.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_queue.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_strbuf.h         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_array.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_core.h           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_list.h           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/wmem/wmem_tree.h           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/crc6-tvb.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/sctpppids.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ptvcursor.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/column.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/diam_dict.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ftypes/ftypes.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/llcsaps.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/addr_and_mask.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/exported_pdu.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/column-utils.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/secrets.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/time_fmt.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/export_object.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/stats_tree.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dtd_parse.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/slow_protocol_subtypes.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/charsets.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/frame_data.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/arcnet_pids.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/plugin_if.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/funnel.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dfilter/drange.h           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dfilter/dfilter.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ax25_pids.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/column-info.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/except.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/disabled_protos.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/asn1.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/print_stream.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/next_tvb.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/media_params.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/crc8-tvb.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ps.h                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/value_string.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/crc10-tvb.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/eap.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/address_types.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/stat_tap_ui.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/sminmpec.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/unit_strings.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ip_opts.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/proto.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ipproto.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dvb_chartbl.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tap-voip.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/etypes.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/timestamp.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/range.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/conversation_table.h       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/crc16-tvb.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ex-opt.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/prefs.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/chdlctypes.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/afn.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/iax2_codec_type.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/packet_info.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/iana_charsets.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/arptypes.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dtd.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/params.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/uat.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/oids.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-diffserv-mpls-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-icmp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-samr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nsh.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-p7.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-nt.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rsvp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tte.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pdcp-lte.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-usb-hid.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x2ap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dccp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ziop.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-isakmp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb-pipe.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-idp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-tapi.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-hpext.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ypxfr.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-msrp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-t30.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkix1implicit.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-qsig.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x509ce.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsm_a_common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-isis.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-opensafety.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-camel.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rrc.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rlc-nr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee8023.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-kerberos.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lbtrm.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtsp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tacacs.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gmr1_common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-idmp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-q708.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nisplus.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ocsp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ua.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-budb.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-infiniband.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tpkt.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bthci_cmd.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mtp3.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-raknet.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsm_a_rr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-isl.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wtls.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ansi_a.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cip.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bssgp.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-q932.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-usbip.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-diameter_3gpp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gluster.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-umts_mac.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mbim.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h450-ros.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bthci_sco.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cmp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fc.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lpp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-s7comm_szl_ids.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ubertooth.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h245.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-atn-ulcs.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-p772.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ftam.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cmip.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkix1explicit.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ber.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mpeg-sect.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ess.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tcap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ansi_tcap.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tcp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bluetooth.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cipsafety.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-s1ap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sccp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-igmp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee80211-radiotap-iter.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rx.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-giop.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkixproxy.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb-sidsnooping.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-usb.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mpeg-descriptor.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ncp-nmas.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btavdtp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ipmi.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gre.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-s7comm.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsm_sms.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcc.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-coap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sflow.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-knxip_decrypt.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-radius.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cdt.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x509af.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-logotypecertextn.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-actrace.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gtp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ncp-sss.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rmi.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ypserv.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-t124.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sscop.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-f5ethtrailer.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-snmp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ntlmssp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-http2.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee80211-radio.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ndmp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lisp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-l2tp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bssap.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcom.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-link16.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tetra.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-atm.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mp4ves.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-windows-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fclctl.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btsdp.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mac-lte.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rlc-lte.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h265.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-jingle.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mount.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-afp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee-aps.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-s5066sis.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-core.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-frsapi.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsmtap.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcbls.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ypbind.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-spice.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btrfcomm.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dsp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wlancertextn.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee-zdp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-oer.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x509if.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-netbios.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wccp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cell_broadcast.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gmr1_rr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-q931.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-butc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-p22.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-csn1.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bacnet.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sprt.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-skinny.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h235.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h248.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ip.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-diameter.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dtls.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ansi_map.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-dcom.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcels.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb-browse.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-rras.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mms.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee80211-radiotap-defs.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nfs.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-knxip.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ptp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btavctp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-frsrpc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtcp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-netlogon.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-epl.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-reload.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ncp-int.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcfcs.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gtpv2.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-t38.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-enip.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pcap_pktdata.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ipsec.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-its.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-cms.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-browser.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-vxlan.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb-mailslot.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-credssp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsm_rlcmac.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ngap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sdp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi-smc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ppi-geolocation-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mausb.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkixac.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tn3270.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee-nwk.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-e164.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-iax2.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-epmd.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-eapol.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tls-utils.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tn5250.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-isup.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-geonw.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-dce122.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkinit.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-svcctl.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ipx.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-other.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tr.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/file-rbm.h      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-isis-clv.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h264.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ff.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xml.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pres.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-utils.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btl2cap.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkixtsp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-netlink.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mle.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-disp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-gtalk.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dop.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sip.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-stat-notify.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bgp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-xmpp-conference.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee802154.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-uaudp.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-alcap.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee802a.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi-osd.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ldp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkcs12.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcfzs.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rmt-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sll.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkixqualified.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x11.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nbap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtps.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee-zcl.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ldap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btavrcp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-imf.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nr-rrc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pkcs1.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-p1.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtp-events.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lapdm.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btle.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h223.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ranap.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mbtcp.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wtp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcswils.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gssapi.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wsp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ppp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-tls.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h263.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sv.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-charging_ase.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nvme.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-edonkey.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-zbee-security.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-portmap.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-adb_service.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcct.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h323.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-eigrp.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-socketcan.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pdcp-nr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lbttcp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lbtru.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ntp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pw-common.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dvbci.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-dnsserver.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-crmf.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x509sat.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-atalk.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-juniper.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-sctp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-e212.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-x11-keysymdef.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-h225.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gsm_map.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rpc.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-btatt.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-http.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi-sbc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-iana-oui.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dap.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rdm.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-syslog.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi-ssc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bfd.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smpp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-acp133.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-a21.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bthci_acl.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mstp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rohc.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wps.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dtn.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ses.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-erf.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee80211.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rtse.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ptpip.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bthci_evt.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lte-rrc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-oscore.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ros.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fmp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-spoolss.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-chdlc.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-c1222.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-acse.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dns.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-jxta.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lnet.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-osi.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-wap.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcom-dispatch.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lbm.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-gprscdr.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-iwarp-ddp-rdmap.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mgcp.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-arp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-scsi-mmc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-docsis-tlv.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ieee1609dot2.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-udp.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-inap.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-dcerpc-pnp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rdt.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-stat.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-6lowpan.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-bacapp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mq.h     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fix.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-rpcrdma.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-llc.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smb2.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-mpls.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-fcsb3.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-yppasswd.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-umts_rlc.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-osi-options.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pcnfsd.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-pw-atm.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-frame.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-smrse.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-per.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-ndps.h   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-umts_fp.h tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-nlm.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-eth.h    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissectors/packet-lcsap.h  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/reedsolomon.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tfs.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/expert.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/register.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/follow.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/conversation.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/dissector_filters.h        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/decode_as.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/show_exception.h           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/address.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tvbuff.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ipv4.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/x264_prt_id.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/prefs-int.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/osi-utils.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/to_str.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/print.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/packet.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/proto_data.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/reassemble.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/oui.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/aftypes.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/xdlc.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/t35.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/epan_dissect.h             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/timestats.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/eapol_keydes_types.h       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tvbparse.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/lapd_sapi.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/nlpid.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/frame_data_sequence.h      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/tap.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/req_resp_hdrs.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/srt_table.h                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/epan.h                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/guid-utils.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/capture_dissectors.h       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/strutil.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/maxmind_db.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/stat_groups.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/ppptypes.h                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/uat-int.h                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/exceptions.h               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/app_mem_usage.h            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/conversation_debug.h       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/rtp_pt.h                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/golay.h                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/epan/stats_tree_priv.h          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/ws_symbol_export.h              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireshark/cli_main.h                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/wiretap/usbdump.so      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/codecs/l16mono.so       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/wimax.so           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/ethercat.so        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/mate.so            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/transum.so         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/stats_tree.so      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/gryphon.so         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/irda.so            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/opcua.so           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/wimaxasncp.so      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/wimaxmacphy.so     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/profinet.so        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/plugins/3.0/epan/unistim.so         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/extcap/randpktdump                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/extcap/androiddump                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/extcap/udpdump                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/UseAsn2Wrs.cmake              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/WiresharkTargets-minsizerel.cmake tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/WiresharkConfigVersion.cmake  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/WiresharkConfig.cmake         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/WiresharkTargets.cmake        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/FindWSWinLibs.cmake           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/UseMakePluginReg.cmake        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/LocatePythonModule.cmake      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/wireshark/cmake/FindGLIB2.cmake               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wireshark.pc                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwscodecs.so                                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwsutil.so                                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwiretap.so                                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwireshark.so                               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/captype                                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/editcap                                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mergecap                                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rawshark                                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/capinfos                                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tshark                                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/randpkt                                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dumpcap                                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sharkd                                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/idl2wrs                                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/text2pcap                                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/reordercap                                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dftest.html                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/editcap.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/randpktdump.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dfilters                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/mergecap.html                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/manuf                             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/captype.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/profiles/Bluetooth/preferences    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/profiles/Bluetooth/colorfilters   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/profiles/Classic/colorfilters     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/profiles/No Reassembly/preferences tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/ciscodump.html                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/HP.xml                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/sunping.xml              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Ericsson.xml             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/eap.xml                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/TGPP.xml                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Juniper.xml              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Nokia.xml                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Starent.xml              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Cisco.xml                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/dictionary.dtd           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/etsie2e4.xml             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/AlcatelLucent.xml        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/NokiaSolutionsAndNetworks.xml tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Vodafone.xml             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Huawei.xml               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/mobileipv4.xml           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/TGPP2.xml                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/CiscoSystems.xml         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/nasreq.xml               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/mobileipv6.xml           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/dictionary.xml           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/sip.xml                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Oracle.xml               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/chargecontrol.xml        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/VerizonWireless.xml      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Custom.xml               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/diameter/Inovar.xml               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/sshdump.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/display_filters.txt          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/overview.txt                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/capture_filters.txt          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/capturing.txt                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/toc                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/getting_started.txt          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/help/faq.txt                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/wireshark-filter.html             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/services                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/rawshark.html                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/tshark.html                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/udpdump.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/AUTHORS-SHORT                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/wimaxasncp/dictionary.dtd         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/wimaxasncp/dictionary.xml         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/wireshark.html                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/wka                               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/randpkt.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/ws.css                            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/cfilters                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/text2pcap.html                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/smi_modules                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/enterprises.tsv                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.shiva           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.wispr           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc2868         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.springtide      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc3162         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.roaringpenguin  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.lancom          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.dante           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc3580         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.freeradius      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.prosoft         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.telebit         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.digium          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.issanni         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc2865         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc2867         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bristol         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.wimax           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ukerna          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.wichorus        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.purewave        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.localweb        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.nexans          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4675         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cisco           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.merit           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.arbor           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5580         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc7155         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bt              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.broadsoft       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4072         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc7930         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.unisphere       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.fortinet        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alcatel-lucent.aaa tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alvarion        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.zte             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.propel          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.eltex           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.f5              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.infoblox        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cisco.vpn3000   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.networkphysics  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.dhcp            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6519         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.efficientip     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5090         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.paloalto        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.kineto          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.telkom          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc3576         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc7499         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.openser         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.colubris        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.livingston      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.packeteer       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.chillispot      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.walabi          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.fdxtended       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.compat          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.freedhcp        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.azaire          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6930         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.wimax.alvarion  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.vqp             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.nokia           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.acme            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.mikrotik        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4372         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.hp              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.3gpp2           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.proxim          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.travelping      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.xylan           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.zyxel           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alteon          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cosine          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.freeradius.internal tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.clavister       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ipunplugged     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.shasta          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.freeswitch      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.symbol          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alcatel.sr      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.h3c             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.dlink           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ntua            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.epygi           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.gandalf         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bay             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.meru            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.compatible      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.aruba           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.utstarcom       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cnergee         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5607         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.airespace       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.wimax.wichorus  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.verizon         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.microsemi       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.surfnet         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.microsoft       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ericsson.packet.core.networks tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5176         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.navini          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.audiocodes      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.gemtek          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc7268         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.motorola.wimax  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6677         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.tropos          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.versanet        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.nortel          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.infonet         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.terena          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.apc             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.juniper         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.motorola        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ruckus          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.redcreek        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.actelis         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.manzara         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.patton          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ruggedcom       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.riverstone      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.nokia.conflict  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.meinberg        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.sonicwall       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ericsson.ab     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.jradius         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cisco.vpn5000   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc2866         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/README.radius_dictionary   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/custom.includes            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.perle           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.yubico          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ericsson        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc7055         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6929         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.foundry         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.starent         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.valemount       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.aerohive        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cisco.asa       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cabletron       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.netscreen       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.siemens         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.t_systems_nova  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc2869         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cablelabs       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bskyb           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.garderos        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alcatel         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5447         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.quiconnect      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.riverbed        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc5904         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.sofaware        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.starent.vsa1    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.ascend          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.slipstream      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4849         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.itk             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.waverider       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.usr             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.acc             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.iana            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4679         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.karlnet         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.asn             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.lucent          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.nomadix         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.extreme         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4603         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.iea             tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.equallogic      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.quintum         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.camiant         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.brocade         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.xedia           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.dragonwave      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.sangoma         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.columbia_university tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bluecoat        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.cisco.bbsm      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.huawei          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.avaya           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.3com            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alcatel.esam    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.3gpp            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.citrix          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6911         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.zeus            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.dellemc         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc6572         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.trapeze         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.sg              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.unix            tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.bintec          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.altiga          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.aptis           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.alvarion.wimax.v2_2 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/radius/dictionary.rfc4818         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/rlmi.dtd                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/pocsettings.dtd              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/mscml.dtd                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/xcap-error.dtd               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/watcherinfo.dtd              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/xcap-caps.dtd                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/itunes.dtd                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/dc.dtd                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/presence.dtd                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/smil.dtd                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/reginfo.dtd                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dtds/rss.dtd                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/pdml2html.xsl                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/reordercap.html                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/androiddump.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/ipmap.html                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/extcap.html                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/capinfos.html                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/COPYING                           tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/tpncp/tpncp.dat                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/colorfilters                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wireshark/dumpcap.html                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ciscodump.1.gz                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/randpkt.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/randpktdump.1.gz                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/capinfos.1.gz                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/rawshark.1.gz                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/captype.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/text2pcap.1.gz                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/wireshark.1.gz                     tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/androiddump.1.gz                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dumpcap.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tshark.1.gz                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/reordercap.1.gz                    tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mergecap.1.gz                      tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/udpdump.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/editcap.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dftest.1.gz                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sshdump.1.gz                       tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man4/extcap.4.gz                        tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man4/wireshark-filter.4.gz              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/dftest.html                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/editcap.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/randpktdump.html              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/mergecap.html                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/captype.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/ciscodump.html                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/sshdump.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/wireshark-filter.html         tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/rawshark.html                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/tshark.html                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/udpdump.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/wireshark.html                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/randpkt.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/text2pcap.html                tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/reordercap.html               tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/androiddump.html              tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/extcap.html                   tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/capinfos.html                 tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireshark/dumpcap.html                  tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/tshark/LICENSE                          tshark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wavemon                                       wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/wavemon.1.gz                       wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/wavemonrc.5.gz                     wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/THANKS                              wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/AUTHORS                             wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/README.md                           wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/NEWS                                wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/ChangeLog                           wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wavemon/COPYING                             wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wavemon/LICENSE                         wavemon
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libiw.a                                       wireless-tools-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wireless.h                                wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/iwlib.h                                   wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ifrename                                      wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwlist                                        wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwspy                                         wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwgetid                                       wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwpriv                                        wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwevent                                       wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iwconfig                                      wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/iftab.5.gz                         wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man7/wireless.7.gz                      wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwconfig.8.gz                      wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwlist.8.gz                        wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/ifrename.8.gz                      wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwevent.8.gz                       wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwgetid.8.gz                       wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwpriv.8.gz                        wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/iwspy.8.gz                         wireless-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/wireless-tools/LICENSE                  wireless-tools
